README.md, before:

# Personal-Bio-Website
A website to promote and display our portfolio that we have created throughout the Full Stack Boot Camp. It was requested that the website have:
  - Working links in the header that link to the appropriate section in the website.
  - A work Portfolio section that has photos with hover actions that also link to their respective projects. The only current link is for        the Horiseon Refactor.
  - A contact section with my phone number, email, link to my GitHub, and link to my LinkedIn account, and a recent phot of myself.
  - The website should automatically resize based on the display size with features like stacking the Work Portfolio and header links.

### Purpose 
The purpose of this work is to create a website that future employers, and current employers, can look at to consider me for a position/promotion. The website will demonstrate a basic understanding of HTML and CSS. It will incorporate features like hover, classes, IDs, semantic HTML, clear notation, media queries, and have a logical flow.

### My Journey
I stareted in the accelerated, Full-Time, Bootcamp but the speed and time commitment wasn't conducive to my current life workload. Due to the fact that I have a wife that works, two children, ptes, and I need to work 40-120 hours per week between my EMS jobs and a small real estate business that my wife and I own, I therefore had to transfer into the part-time course. The full-time course gave me a great base knowledge of the applications we use and the first three languages; HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 

My first attempt at this Portfolio site provided a website that was subpar. The website had basic links, colors, photos, and no features like hover or media queries. Through hard work and extra studying outside of class, I was able to produce a site that, at this time, I am very proud of.

I am excited to modify this site throughout the course and screenshots will be provided to show my progression. I am regretful that I didn't take a screenshot of the site from my time in the full-time course, but never-the-less I am proud of what I have produced and excited to see what I can create in the coming months.

### Links

[Link to my Github repository](https://github.com/anplace/Personal-Bio-Website)

[Link to the deployed site](https://anplace.github.io/Personal-Bio-Website/)

Site as of 11/06/2023:
![image](https://github.com/anplace/Personal-Bio-Website/assets/144726483/a8bd3a5e-1a7e-4b49-87ba-c52806d3b8e4)

Commit message:

Provided information about the photos used.

README.md, after:

# Personal-Bio-Website
A website to promote and display our portfolio that we have created throughout the Full Stack Boot Camp. It was requested that the website have:
  - Working links in the header that link to the appropriate section in the website.
  - A work Portfolio section that has photos with hover actions that also link to their respective projects. The only current link is for the Horiseon Refactor, more will come as we 
    complete projects.
  - A contact section with my phone number, email, link to my GitHub, and link to my LinkedIn account, and a recent phot of myself.
  - The website should automatically resize based on the display size with features like stacking the Work Portfolio and header links.
  - The images I have used symbolize my top interests. Sailing, traveling, mountain escapes/skiing, exploring but Land Cruisers in particular, and camping/hiking.

### Purpose 
The purpose of this work is to create a website that future employers, and current employers, can look at to consider me for a position/promotion. The website will demonstrate a basic understanding of HTML and CSS. It will incorporate features like hover, classes, IDs, semantic HTML, clear notation, media queries, and have a logical flow.

### My Journey
I stareted in the accelerated, Full-Time, Bootcamp but the speed and time commitment wasn't conducive to my current life workload. Due to the fact that I have a wife that works, two children, ptes, and I need to work 40-120 hours per week between my EMS jobs and a small real estate business that my wife and I own, I therefore had to transfer into the part-time course. The full-time course gave me a great base knowledge of the applications we use and the first three languages; HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 

My first attempt at this Portfolio site provided a website that was subpar. The website had basic links, colors, photos, and no features like hover or media queries. Through hard work and extra studying outside of class, I was able to produce a site that, at this time, I am very proud of.

I am excited to modify this site throughout the course and screenshots will be provided to show my progression. I am regretful that I didn't take a screenshot of the site from my time in the full-time course, but never-the-less I am proud of what I have produced and excited to see what I can create in the coming months.

### Links

[Link to my Github repository](https://github.com/anplace/Personal-Bio-Website)

[Link to the deployed site](https://anplace.github.io/Personal-Bio-Website/)

Site as of 11/06/2023:
![image](https://github.com/anplace/Personal-Bio-Website/assets/144726483/a8bd3a5e-1a7e-4b49-87ba-c52806d3b8e4)
